good afternoon
Good evening from Ukraine the city of
Khmelnitsky where
Nizhny Novgorod
is from which Gorky was called yes yes,
just here I am 81 years old
you were born
10 years younger in the Soviet Union That is, you already understood in
Russia back in the Soviet Union
But support the special operation
I support  the interest of your country Yes, I
understand, that is, support the special operation yes
or no What is the problem
directly Well, yes, support
But look What do you think When
NATO troops bomb Nizhny
Novgorod so people from Germany, for example
Finland, should support this or
not,
I don’t know Well, what do you think  now, if you are
friends with NATO, then it means they will
support, that is, you need to support
if your country bombs a foreign country,
just even to support
and who supports us, please tell me
Iran
everything
and who else can I have not heard the news
countries support you
remembered I keep forgetting the name I don’t
know I ask
you supports  Iran gives you drones
Supports North Korea or some
other country supports Tell me which
Yes I don’t know which countries
generally support us I don’t know but I can
among I recognize Let’s take turns
playing a game called countries I
will name the country that
supports  Ukraine, you are a country that
supports Russia Who is the first to
stop that sucker
Yes, I don’t know it doesn’t hurt to support you
don’t want to play already understood yes the result
No, well, you know what’s the matter
How many countries in the world we have in the world,
how many
I don’t know Tell me how many [ __ ]  I understood a
good numeral on and and from this
a small amount of [ __ ] supports
How does a [ __ ] ratio and a small
amount of this as a percentage
of dofiga is how much that we are more than
50 percent this is against the Russian
Federation
and these more than 50 percent
[ __ ] couldn’t do And who is for  who is for the
Russian Federation
and these 90, in fact, couldn’t [ __ ] make
sense. So they still don’t  started
And what they can And what did your countries
America Bombed or look at NATO I
didn’t even start yet I want It can
start like this look What do you say
they can’t do anything look they are
now some kind of small
weak Ukraine so gave you stars  Where is it
good in Ukraine
Mir region in Chernihiv Sumy
Kharkiv region in Kherson island of
snakes in Donetsk region
What do you want to say that Russia was not
included in these areas, it
was included, it entered And ran away Why
so What happened No, wait And how
did she run away Quickly ran away very quickly
really Kharkiv region ran away in two days,
wait, here she ran away or she
got [ __ ] ran away because
of what happened Yes And at the same time
your people died No look Let's So we
can clearly say Yes there is For example
, the arix website that fixes the
loss of equipment verifies from
photos on video  everything can be seen how many
technicians of this trophy were left in Kharkov,
see yours from
the beginning of the special operation before demobilization, half of your airborne troops died, it’s your military correspondents who talk on your television from 40 to 50 percent said you want the video to turn on 40 50 percent of the composition is lost from the beginning of the invasion to mobilization let you listen look if your battleships are on your television Yes Solovyov say that by the time the mobilization began and the personnel units of the Airborne Forces, there were 40-50 percent of people left And where did 50-60 percent go then, yes, I don’t know, listen Well, let's think Let's look, 100 airborne troops entered Yes, one hundred percent of the airborne troops entered Ukraine in the Kyiv region, conditional Gostomel, the Kharkov region And it turned out 40 50 percent yes The question is where did the remaining 50-60 percent of the airborne troops go, I don’t know, let’s think again. School, here we are as a school for the mentally [ __ ], for example, children with developmental delays, 100 percent of the Gostomel airborne troops came to Kharkov, Zhytomyr region, and 40 50 percent left this number question Where did you go 5  0-60
percent of the rest of the Airborne Forces personnel
Tell me please
What is the answer Where am I asking you teacher
I will put a riddle on you
Let me be a man I don’t know here I am a
teacher I have to teach you I don’t want
to tell you I want to teach you to think
Let’s Maybe they are somewhere  then they go through the
woods they can’t get out their map is old
or the compass is lost the compass is lost and the
dude walks in circles walks walks So 60
percent of the dvshniks walk in crowds in circles
Maybe they got married there They look at
girls like dumplings they make
cool Maybe they are there Zhenya where did they go
these airmen
can be, well, let's say where they
died there, for example, the dogs ate evaporated.
help their people
somewhere near Kherson until And so
on they just don’t have And who fired them And I
know
Yes,
every evening we have a taco website  and yes,
where is the counter of all these Russian paratroopers fired here,
everything is real, I’ll
tell you now how much it already says on this site
that
129 thousand 30 of these Russian hard workers
have been fired today and so many have already quit, what’s the
matter And why are they leaving so en
masse  can you tell me
I don't know can you tell me how
one dismissal is counted well look yes here is
lying around how this body with guts
counted someone's vest resigned the dog
writes
resigned and counted watching
not what I
came up with if our general staff said something there,
it’s not yours that can deceive us,
see the
ratio So you have medicine, see
What hemostatic agents do
your military have.
staffing now
it's on your official television it
can't be slander  because
you have for fakes about the army so criminal
liability turns out that you already,
I understand it was hard to
say this before, but now the anniversary of the
special operation is already somehow preparing people for
what needs to be voiced Because people
ask where did our paratroopers
go  mobilizes us if it
was so good Paratroopers are running somewhere
else in the forests Let's Gather
Gather our paratroopers Why don't
they run somewhere fired in Ukraine
Why do
n't I know how I have here I have
answered your question wait No You didn't
answer Where  share those 60 percent of
your special forces personnel i
can't answer that question i don't
know how again
i don't know but
that maybe they died Well,
let's ask for the first time in your question
your interested in
Ukrainian
and so on, why did she just catch up
there are certain territories and the Ukrainian army cannot expel them in any way, but only on the contrary it has reached that Peak where the Ukrainian army begins to [ __ ] up its territories again, of course I’m not a military man. the army is doing they liberated one territory they are preparing an offensive in another territory they fled from Kyiv that they waited they waited they prepared and made a layoff it turned out that she was driven away before the dismissed mass Russian army is now preparing is preparing now will be the next we are watching two three months pass the new mass passes two three months new mass Well or not above Confirm that the viewer has fled You are fired from Kyiv  Or let’s use the correct terms So we didn’t know, we ran away Maybe it was a voluntary dismissal by mutual agreement, it turns out that the Russian army resigned en masse in the Kyiv region in Chernigovskaya in Zhytomyr Sumy then resigned en masse in Kharkovskaya and this It was, let’s say, a flash mob, direct dismissal Yes, some quit together with the equipment, and then the mass layoffs, the boys are watching your Damn, and that Kharkiv residents have already quit and we are still Pasha, let's we also lie around, we see a fact with you Let's look at the facts of the regions Kharkiv I don’t know I don’t understand and the regions, therefore, the Russians have not quit en masse Crimea's servant obtush from Donetsk, I'm looking at you, you probably really Will return that And I understand I'm a teacher at school, let's go back again look when the Russian troops left the Kyiv region Yes, someone told me in the chat roulette story why they did not quit Kharkov when they quit after two months
and three there from the Kharkiv region Why don’t they quit Kherson then they quit Kherson it’s just a dismissal You see, in the army of Ukraine such a flow of processing is going on, these dismissals are signed that they don’t have time to dismiss, we need to have fewer clerical workers than you who want to quit therefore, it’s necessary to work out all these applications prepare a dismissal prepare an order there for the future dismissal of personnel officers prepare everything clearly tell me the last question how will you talk when everything is opposite I have already been in such a situation I have been in such a situation look it was the beginning of March I was just starting to go into chat roulette, too, I was so impudent and like you, but for some reason you were also more impudent than you are now, but you were shouting for two or three weeks and you would speak differently, run away to Poland, and then Russia was advancing on Kyiv Yes, everything and the situation has changed how the game will be when the situation has changed t  Now Ukraine has massively fired people near Kyiv near Kharkov. I see that it’s already been about a year, when it turns out 8 or 9 months. Ukraine in Russian has set up such a machine like clockwork on the dismissal of Russian soldiers and the world community looks at the badge Ukrainians are so cool dismissing So let's help the equipment there computers in order to recruit some kind of tanks now, I don’t know Abram leopards that I don’t understand this, I couldn’t stand it, I became a sour orc, yes And where And where, in your opinion, do you fishermen say Yes 40 40 50 your personnel at home it’s left before I start my house of mobilization, and this kid quit, he decided to independently write a statement to quit of his own free will to listen to such wounds, such impudent want In short, to save the remnants of the face I love so because such people can be so people